README.md, before:

# Ansible playbook for WordPress

This is a playbook for setting up a stock WordPress installation with
SSL/TLS support thanks to [Let’s Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/).

This playbook was written for CentOS VMs from DigitalOcean, so some
modification may be necessary for use elsewhere.

## Basic use

1. Create a CentOS virtual server (untested on other OSs) on
   DigitalOcean or the provider of your choice (note that it’s assumed
   you can SSH in as root initially).

2. Run `bin/create`.  It will prompt you for the domain name, SSH key,
   and passwords which are passed to Ansible.  These session variables
   will be written to `session.yml`; you can pre-populate those
   variables by copying `session.yml.template` to `session.yml` and
   filing it out.

3. When provisioning completes, `session.yml` will be deleted.  If
   provisioning fails and for some reason you don’t want to re-run the
   job, you should delete it, since it will contain passwords in
   plain-text.

## Prerequisites

- Ansible 2.1.x

# Gotchas and troubleshooting

- The hostname you provide to Ansible can be the IP address of your
  server, or the domain name.  The hostname will be used for the
  Apache virtual host as well as the WordPress configuration.

    If you use an IP address, comment out the `- include: acme.yml`
    line in `roles/apache/tasks/main.yml`.  Otherwise a SSL/TLS
    certificate will be issued for the IP address rather than the
    domain name.  You’ll have to run the SSL/TLS tasks manually.

    If you use an IP address and later point a domain name at your
    server, you’ll need to update the WordPress configuration, since
    WordPress does some redirection of its own and will only function
    correctly if it knows what the domain name is.  On the server, run
    `/usr/local/bin/wp_url "https://www.new.url"` to update the
    information in WordPress.

Commit message:

[readme] update with new script options

README.md, after:

# Ansible playbook for WordPress

This is a playbook for setting up a stock WordPress installation with
SSL/TLS support thanks to [Let’s Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/).

This playbook was written for CentOS VMs from DigitalOcean, so some
modification may be necessary for use elsewhere.

## Basic use

1. Create a CentOS virtual server (untested on other OSs) on
   DigitalOcean or the provider of your choice (note that it’s assumed
   you can SSH in as root initially).

2. Run `bin/create`.  It will prompt you for the domain name/IP
   address, SSH key, and passwords which are passed to Ansible.  These
   session variables will be written to `session.yml`; you can
   pre-populate those variables by copying `session.yml.template` to
   `session.yml` and filing it out.

3. When provisioning completes, `session.yml` will be deleted.  If
   provisioning fails and for some reason you don’t want to re-run the
   job, you should delete it, since it will contain passwords in
   plain-text.

If you choose not to create a TLS certificate for the server, you can
add one later with `bin/add-tls`.

## Prerequisites

- Ansible 2.1.x

## Extras

- A script will be installed at `/usr/local/bin/wp_url` on the server;
    this script lets you update the hostname in the WordPress database.
    Usage:

    ```shell
    wp_url <https://new.url.com>
    ```

    It will prompt you for the password to the WordPress database.

- You can download the WordPress database for backing up or migrating
  it by running `bin/download-db`.
